I have here about five tablespoons of
vegetable oil
get the oil very hot because you're
going to fry little bits of garlic in it
and I have here there are six whole
garlic pots that have been very finely
chopped and I'm going to put them into
the hot oil and I'm going to brown them
it's very important that you drown them
otherwise they have the sort of raw
flavor and the raw flavor won't be right
you're on the fried garlic flavor so you
wait until they begin to turn lightly
Brown which is big what's happening now
you see the turning golden this is the
time when I'll put in all the couchette
which have been wiped very well on
kitchen paper also this is actually a
very quick cooking dish it takes just
about three minutes to cook all right
throw it around then put in three ounces
of your timely chopped fresh coriander
you don't get coriander you can use
parsley this is just the tops of the
coriander the leaves not the stalks and
not the roots stir that in as well I
shall put in some spices I have here one
fresh green chili which has been finely
chopped I've half a teaspoon of turmeric
one and a half teaspoons of ground cumin
and a quarter teaspoon of ground here
this goes in to stir this mixture in and
then I'm going to put in as I said to
you earlier this is a very quick cooking
dish so I'm going to put in some tinned
tomatoes I'm not even bothering with
fresh tomatoes this time these are three
small tinned tomatoes which have been
chopped
in they go stir them in as well
in your tin of tomatoes you probably
have a little liquid so there are four
fluid ounces of the liquid in a tomato
tin put that in stir that around you can
see what salt is beginning to form it's
looking very rich and green and red and
clearly smelling quite wonderful over
here also I'm going to put in some
ginger this is fresh ginger a teaspoon
of it which has been filled and very
finely grated on a grater out and I'm
going to put in some salt about a
teaspoon of salt and about a tablespoon
of lemon juice stir that around make a
delicious little mixture over here and
once all that is done I am ready for the
prawns so here we are this is 3/4 pound
of cooked frozen defrosted prawns in
stir them around now you're beginning to
get a lovely pink color in all the
screen it's really one of the prettiest
dishes and it cooks so fast and so
easily that when you have guests that
drop in enough suddenly you say well I
can produce your meal and there it is
few minutes it'll be ready once this
much is done all you have to do now is
cover it and let it simmer for about 3
minutes and there you have a complete
meal all ready for you with prawns and
vegetables all in it so this is prawns
with COO jets you can serve it with rice
and if you light serve a little salad on
the side